misc.opened=Geöffnet
misc.unopened=Ungeöffnet
misc.north=Norden
misc.south=Süden
misc.east=Osten
misc.west=Westen
misc.lower=Unterer
misc.upper=Oberer
misc.leftHinge=Türangel links
misc.rightHinge=Türangel rechts
misc.powered=Aktiviert
misc.unpowered=Deaktiviert
misc.stage=Phase
misc.flowing=Fließend
misc.level=Höhe
misc.source=Quellblock
misc.still=Still
misc.upright=Aufrecht
misc.barkOnly=Nur Rinde
misc.decayAfterTreeUpdate=Zerfallen nach Baum-Update
misc.noDecay=Kein Zerfall
misc.decay=Zerfall
misc.decaying=Zerfallen
misc.unused=Ungenutzt
misc.off=Aus
misc.down=Runter
misc.up=Hoch
misc.on=An
misc.foot=Fuß
misc.occupied=Besetzt
misc.ascending=Aufsteigend
misc.extended=Erweitert
misc.drops=Drops
misc.pistonHead=Kolbenkopf
misc.sticky=Klebrig
misc.pistonExtension=Verschobener Block
misc.block=Block
misc.seamed=Kontur
misc.seamless=Glatt
misc.oldWood=Altes Holz
misc.bottom=Unten
misc.top=Oben
misc.primedWhenPunched=Zündet beim Abbau
misc.age=Alter
misc.dry=Trocken
misc.moisture=Feuchtigkeit
misc.wet=Nass
misc.southWest=Südwesten
misc.northWest=Nordwesten
misc.northEast=Nordosten
misc.southEast=Südosten
misc.curved=Gekrümmt
misc.hasRecord=Hat Schallplatte
misc.bites=Bisse
misc.delay=Verzögerung
misc.allInside=Alle darin
misc.center=Zentrieren
misc.stem=Stem
misc.allOutside=Alle außen
misc.allStem=Alle Stem
misc.max=Max
misc.closed=Geschlossen
misc.open=Offen
misc.empty=Leer
misc.hasBottle=Hat Flasche
misc.noEye=Kein Auge
misc.eye=Auge
misc.unattached=Unbefestigt
misc.attached=Befestigt
misc.armed=Befüllt
misc.disarmed=Nicht befüllt
misc.triggered=Ausgelöst
misc.mossy=Bemoost
misc.legacyData=Veraltete Daten
misc.drop=Drop
misc.noDrop=Kein Drop
misc.damaged=Beschädigt
misc.veryDamaged=Sehr beschädigt
misc.compare=Vergleichen
misc.subtract=Subtrahieren
misc.disabled=Deaktiviert
misc.lowerHalf=Untere Hälfte
misc.upperHalf=Obere Hälfte
misc.southwest=Südwesten
misc.northwest=Nordwesten
misc.northeast=Nordosten
misc.southeast=Südosten
